Hi, Mystery Recapped here. Today I’m going
to explain a Japanese manga series adapted
into a movie called “The Promised Neverland,”
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care!
At the beginning of the movie, an eleven years
old girl named Emma gets up from her bed and
wakes other children sleeping in the same hall.
They live in a massive orphanage called the Grace
Field House, where all their needs are taken care
of. They are guided by a woman named Isabella,
who the kids call their “Mom.” Although the kids
aren’t tied by blood, they live like one large
family and receive much love from their mom. Their
mornings start when Emma wakes everyone up. Then,
they sit together and enjoy varieties of healthy
food. The children’s education and happiness are
given the first priority in the orphanage. They
are taught inside the premises of the orphanage
like any other school. Emma and two of her best
friends, Norman and Ray, always excel in their
studies and get the highest scores. The children
also have identifying numbers tattooed on them
and have no knowledge of the outside world.
The orphanage is surrounded by a large meadow
where the kids run around and play together.
However, they are never allowed to go outside the
fence that surrounds the meadow. The kids arrive
at the orphanage as an infant, but they do not
stay there for their whole life. They are arranged
to be adopted by their foster parents and go to
the outside world to meet new people. Similarly,
a little girl named Conny leaves the orphanage one
day. The kids send her off after wishing her well
and tell her to be good to her new parents. Next,
Isabella takes little Conny to the entrance of
the orphanage. Meanwhile, Emma finds a stuffed toy
that Conny loves and runs outside with Norman to
return it to her. They reach the entrance gate and
see that Isabella and Conny have already passed.
The two take a chance and slowly step outside,
where they find a single van and no one around.
As they look inside the van, the duo is horrified.
Conny lies limp on the floor with a plant
stabbed onto her chest. Before they can react,
two grotesque creatures approach them. Emma and
Norman hide under the van, frozen in shock.
The creatures talk to each other about human
meat being the best. One of them claims that the
meat coming from this farm is elite and is saved
for the rich demons. The kids from their hiding
realize that their orphanage is only a farm where
they are raised like cattle, only to be eaten
by demons. The students are classified as “good
meat” when they are more intelligent. Just then,
Isabella arrives there and talks to the demons
about the students who get the highest score in
the class. Those students are the most delicious
ones and the ones who are on demand. Isabella
had been schooling them to make them taste better
for the demons. She promises to bring the highest
scoring children the next time. Norman and Emma
narrowly escape without being seen and run to the
orphanage. Emma falls down, crying midway claiming
that the girl they saw was not Conny and refusing
to believe their mom can be this evil. Norman
tries to calm her down and says that they can run
away from the orphanage, but Emma is worried for
the other children who are like family to her.
The following day, Emma and Norman talk about the
events of the previous day. Norman suggests they
plan an elaborate escape from the orphanage and
not tell the others before the plan is completed.
They decide to cross the fence that day to see
exactly what the outside world is like. After
walking through the woods for a while, they
reach a tall wall. They cannot jump across it,
so they return. Meanwhile, a little girl named
Naila gets lost in the forest. Isabella looks
into her watch and brings Naila back in no
time. Emma and Norma see this and realize
that the watch is a transmitter with which she
knows where all the kids are. The following day,
Norman and Emma go to the woods with a rope
with which they plan to cross the wall.
Just then, they are caught by their best friend
Ray, who is suspicious of them. Norman reveals
the truth about the orphanage to Ray, telling
him everything they heard and saw that night.
In contrast to what the two had thought, Ray
believes them almost immediately. He claims that
they should run away from the orphanage as soon
as possible, but Emma insists that they shouldn't
leave the other kids behind to be eaten.
At night, Isabella introduces everyone to their
new caretaker Krone. Krone’s arrival makes
it more difficult for the group to escape.
Then, we see Isabella and Krone talking when
Isabella reveals that she found Conny’s toy
and is aware that Emma, Norman, and Ray
know about the orphanage’s true motive.
However, she is confident they won’t escape.
Later, the three set off to talk in private.
Norman believes that someone among the children
is Isabella’s spy, who provides her with all
the information. If this is true, they know that
someone from the older children should be one. The
group decides to tell two of the older children,
Don and Gilda, about the reality of the orphanage.
They do not believe the kids at first
but eventually agree to help them.
When the three are alone, Norman says that he told
Don and Gilda two different locations of the ropes
that they are about to use to climb the wall.
The one that will disappear first will reveal
who is the spy. The next day, one of the ropes
disappears. Emma and Ray are happy that they
found the spy. But Norman instead reveals that the
rope story was a trap for Ray. He had told Ray a
fake location to find out if he was the spy, and
Ray fell into the trap. Ray finally admits that he
discovered the orphanage’s truth a long time ago
but knew that he couldn’t escape. He confronted
Isabella who said that no matter what he will be
given to a demon one day. So, with no way out,
he volunteered to be a spy for her, so she will
delay his “adoption.” However, Ray hasn’t told
Isabella about the children’s plan to use the rope
to climb the wall, which makes Norman believe Ray
isn’t loyal to her. Then, Ray reveals that he
has been planning to escape for a long time.
In fact, he was the one who stole Conny’s toy so
that Emma and Norman could find out the truth and
would try running away too. Norman declares Ray
as a double spy and keeps him in the team.
At night, Ray goes to Isabella and falsely reports
to her about Norman trying to poison her food.
Isabella thanks him but, in turn, says that Ray’s
turn to being adopted is near. The next day,
all five of the children are planning to jump
over the wall when Krone overhears them talking.
But instead of reporting to Isabella, she joins
them. It turns out that Krone was also a student
like them. She wants to remove Isabella
and be the new mother of the orphanage,
and for that, she is ready to help the kids. At
night, they visit her room, where Krone tells
them everything she knows about the outside world.
Over 1000 years ago, man and demons were at war.
After a long and tedious battle, both
creatures decided not to bother each other.
An agreement called "The Promise" was made,
according to which both humans and demons
would live in their own separate worlds. Some
humans were left behind in the demon world,
and that is how the humans breeding farms
started. By eating intelligent humans,
demons take on their attributes which prevent
them from turning into mindless monsters. This
also benefits the humans, hence they sacrificed a
few on the farm so the world can be at peace.
The very next day, Isabella fires Krone because
she somehow found out about her intentions.
While leaving, Krone sees their supervisor
grandmother at the gate. She makes a demon eat
Krone for trying to help the kids. The kids then
execute their plan. Emma and Norman go to the wall
while Ray stalls Isabella and the
other two keep an eye on her.
However, their plan soon fails when Isabella
locks Ray inside a room and goes to catch Norman
and Emma herself. She finds them near a wall
and finally confronts them, claiming that she
has given them everything they want in life,
so they shouldn’t resist the inevitable. Emma
tries to stop Isabella, and as they struggle, she
breaks Emma’s leg. She then informs Norman that
he has been “adopted” and tomorrow will be his
last day in the orphanage. The group reunites at
night. They are worried about Norman, who claims
that he would happily die if that meant everyone
else in the orphanage is safe. When everyone
is asleep, Norman finds a strange pen in his
drawer. This pen was kept there by Krone to help
them escape. The next day, Norman climbs on the
wall with the help of a rope to run away but only
to come across a cliff that he cannot cross.
He returns back to the orphanage and has accepted
his death. The group hugs for the last time with
teary eyes. Isabella finally takes him away as
Emma cries in agony. But, to Norman’s surprise,
he is taken to a man instead of a demon. The man
claims that he oversees if everything goes well
in the world of demons and humans. As they
talk, a demon arrives in front of Norman,
ready to devour him. For the next few months, we
see a depressed Emma recovering from her injury.
She and Ray have lost all hope and forgotten about
their plan to escape. Isabella observes them every
day and is happy that they are under control.
After two months, it is finally Ray’s turn to
be handed to the demons. The night before,
Emma comes to visit him and tells him that
they still have a chance. But Ray has decided to
light himself on fire along with the house.
As the fire starts to spread, Emma cries and calls
for Isabella. Isabella tells the kids to get out
of the house quickly and tries to put out the
fire. After a while, she realizes that no kids
are around. It turns out that this had been
their plan all along. In the past two months,
Emma couldn’t do anything suspicious because
she was being watched by Isabella, so instead,
Don and Gilda told the other kids about their plan
and prepared them for it. Emma also found a letter
in Norman’s bed that had an elaborate plan written
on it. Emma couldn’t tell Ray sooner because
Isabella was watching them closely. They have
left the little kids because they couldn’t put
their lives in danger. Emma has promised to come
back for them later when they have more help. Now,
they climb the wall as Isabella approaches them
with the help of the navigator. She soon realizes
the navigator isn’t working because the children
have removed the device from their ears.
Finally, when everyone is on top of the wall, they
tie a rope and slide through it to the other end.
Emma is the last one to go, but before she can
slide, Isabella arrives and threatens to cut
the rope. Emma emotionally tells Isabella that she
knows killing the children has been hard for her.
Isabella wants to see the children grow and is
actually proud of them for escaping this far.
Isabella denies everything Emma says and stays
adamant about wanting to get the kids back.
Emma takes the risk and slides down the
rope. Isabella has a chance to cut it,
but to their surprise, she doesn’t. She watches
the kids she raised on the other side and smiles
at them for the last time. The kids then make
their way through the jungle. They stop when Emma
tells them about the pen that Krone had left them.
The pen projects a picture in the air on being
opened. An owl emerges out of the image and leads
them to the city where they will be safe.
Meanwhile, Isabella stands in front of the
grandmother and the overseer of both worlds.
They are disappointed in Isabella for
letting the valuable children run away.
At the end of the movie, she is
fed to a demon as a punishment.
Subscribe for more videos like
this, turn on notifications,
and leave a like to help the channel out.
Thank you for watching.